# denite-dirmark
[denite.nvim][denite] source and kind to mark and list directories.

## Features
- Add mark (and group) information of directory, and save information.
- Show marked directory list, and provide `directory` kind actions.

## Requirements
- [denite.nvim][denite]

## Usage
### Add mark
1. Execute `:Denite` command with source name `dirmark/add` . Then directories are displayed
    - This candidates are generated by `file` source. So, you can pass argument for specifying search directory.
2. Select target directory, and select `add` action.
3. Input any group and mark name.

### List marked directories
1. Execute `:Denite` command with source name `dirmark` . Then marked directories are displayed.
    - By default, `default` group list is displayed. If you want to specify group, pass group name as argument to dirmark source.
2. Select target directory, and select any action of  `directory` kind.

### Delete mark
1. Execute `:Denite` command with source name `dirmark` . Then marked directories are displayed.
    - By default, `default` group list is displayed. If you want to specify group, pass group name as argument to dirmark source.
2. Select target directory, and select `delete` action.

## Settings
Some setting methods are provided.

### `dirmark#set_cache_directory_path(path)`
Set cache directory path for save dirmarks.

Default: `~/.cache/denite-dirmark`

### `dirmark#set_default_group(group)`
Set default group name for using denite-dirmark.

Default: `default`

## Futures
1. add tests
1. multi marks adding and deleting
1. `rename` action
1. `regroup` action
1. `dirmark/group` source (for add/delete/rename group)
1. separate cache file
1. add cool highlighting

[denite]:https://github.com/Shougo/denite.nvim
